STORY - 
Story setting on Mars, June 18th 7020, Martian Calendar..

Earth, a planet close to ours, was pre-occupied with species called "human beings" who are our ancestors. We, as martian beings, have evolved from human beings with a 30 times more complex body structure and roughly 20 times more brain complexity. Human beings had the ability to create interesting objects like slow-moving cars, tiny skyscrapers and much more. However, their brain was not much evolved to be fast and efficient and made frequent mistakes like causing destruction to their own species and their planet. Roughly in the year 2020, they happened to develop a virus that surprisingly could spread fast and affect the human beings. They called it a 'coronavirus'. They managed, somehow, to control the situated, and they survived! However, 60 years after that, they mistakenly developed a highly-destructive, nuclear-savvy virus.

//Contrib 2: How that deadly virus ravaged the earth ?

The year is 2080. Humans, being a relatively unevolved species, accidentally produced a killer virus. This happened due to a miscalculation by scientists trying to develop a vaccine that would act as a cure for every disease at once. At first they thought it worked! All the test subjects they tried it on were cured. This led them to mass produce and distribute the cure. The next thing they knew, everybody in the world was injecting themselves with this stuff to try and be healthy forever. However, after a few months, it was clear that this was a mistake. After a long time of peace and happiness, the side effects of the virus began to show themselves. Imagine the coronavirus but much, much worse. Due to the similarities and the circumstances, people dubbed it the "curonavirus" (cure + coronavirus). Shortly after the outbreak, the world was in shambles. The world wasn't set up for a pandemic of this scale and failed to respond accordingly. People were burning down and destroying citites, and before they knew it, there was nothing left.

//Contrib 3: How that led to destruction of humanity ?

But while the human race was teetering on collapse, one of the greatest heroes in Earth's history rose to challenge: X Æ A-12 Musk. After his father Elon was assassinated by Jake Paul in 2043, X Æ A-12 inherited SpaceX, the very same company that attempted to inhabit Mars in the early 2020s and 30s. X Æ A-12 saw this as the perfect time to pick up the ashes of those experiments and evacuate the few remaining healthy humans to Mars so they can start over. People berated him for not choosing to instead put his funds toward eradicating curonavirus, but he saw no point in saving such a lost cause. Humans played God by trying to cure every disease, and he wanted to move beyond that. By injecting the last of humanity's wealth into Operation Yeet, SpaceX was able to successfully finish terraforming Mars into a habitable space for humans. But even X Æ A-12 wasn't immune to fate, and he began to fall ill as the project completed. Although he could not carry on, he passed the knowledge of survival on Mars to the lucky survivors. To ensure no regrets of the choices made, X Æ A-12 created one final failsafe. He rounded up as many animal species he could fine Noah's Ark style and sent them to Mars, too. And with the swift press of a button, as the last remaining lifeforms of Earth hurtled towards the Red Planet, X Æ A-12 set off the largest nuke history has ever seen to finish off the rattled planet. We owe X Æ A-12 Musk for our existance as a martian species. Praise be unto him.
